High Concept
  Galega except it is a rpg.
Gameplay
  Top down shooter, rpg, bullet hell, large world.
Platform
  Desktop only
Story
  You are a traveler exploring the outer reaches of space, you journey across planets and space stations, encountering fleets of ships that want you dead.
  Player driven story, there are factions in the galaxy in a war, you can choose to aid them or fight against them.
  Themes: Adventure, exploration
Esthetics
  Pixel Graphics, art inspired by classic science fiction, and classic space shooters like galega.
 Sound: chiptune, electronic, think star fox
  Exploring space: ambient and subdued
  Combat: high energy and exciting
  Sound effects for firing weapons, taking damage, doing maneuvers, etc
  No dialogue, just sound effects, like undertale
  Simple sound effects when navigating menus/ui
Mechanics
  Combat
    Top down space shooter, bullet hell.
    You can encounter squads of ships, attack a base on a planet, or be ambushed while in space, or assault fleets/huge ships fighting waves of enemies until you encounter a boss.
  Exploration
    Explore our solar system
    Fast travel between planets
    Explore the space around a planet, each planet is it’s own self contained map, with a large area of outer space and the planet in the center
    Gather resources in space or on planets
  RPG Elements
    Dialogue with factions on space stations or space ports on planets
    Gain status with factions by doing quests for them or supporting them in random encounter battles in space
    Upgrade your ship with new weapons, parts, armor, etc
    Rival system, start the game with a rival with randomly generated trates. The rival will oppose your actions, if you support one faction they will support yours. Rival progresses at a pace relative to yours and will sometimes attack you when you are in outer space or send troops to attack you.
Control
  Keyboard and mouse
About the developer
  Zachary Cooper, Game Design and Development, sophomore @ RIT.
